Dedicated folder for looker explores views (#944)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/looker/README.md

timeout: 30  # default 120 seconds
```

#### Looker Explore/View folder name

> We will put Looker explores and Looker views in a folder in Metaphor, and you can customize the folder name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looker explores and Looker views will be put in a folder named "Looker models" by default. You can customize the name by using this config:
```

> Looker explores and Looker views will be put in a folder named "Looker models" by default. You can customize the name by using this config:

Reviewer: Also capitalize "Models" in doc

```yaml

> explore_view_folder_name: "LookML models"  # default is "LookML models"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
explore_view_folder_name: "Looker Views & Explores"  # default to "LookML models"
```
